>Task 1: Display the current day of the year
1.     On LON-CL1, start Windows PowerShell with administrative credentials.
2.     Using a keyword such as date, find a command that can display the current date.
3.     Display the members of the object produced by the command that you found in the previous step.
4.     Display only the day of the year.
5.     Display the results of the previous command on a single line.
 
  Task 2: Display information about installed hotfixes
1.     Using a keyword such as hotfix, find a command that can display a list of the installed hotfixes.
2.     Display the members of the object produced by the command that you found in the previous step.
3.     Display a list of the installed hotfixes. Display only the installation date, hotfix ID number, and name of the user who installed the hotfix.
4.     Display a list of the installed hotfixes. Display only the hotfix ID, the number of days since the hotfix was installed, and the name of the user who installed the hotfix.
 
  Task 3: Display a list of available scopes from the DHCP server
1.     Using a keyword such as DHCP or scope, find a command that can display a list of Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4) Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) scopes.
2.     View the help for the command. 
3.     Display a list of the available IPv4 DHCP scopes on LON-DC1.
4.     Display a list of the available IPv4 DHCP scopes on LON-DC1. This time, include only the scope ID, subnet mask, and scope name, and display the data in a single column.
 
  Task 4: Display a sorted list of enabled Windows Firewall rules
1.     Using a keyword such as rule, find a command that can display the firewall rules.
2.     Display a list of the firewall rules.
3.     View the help for the command that displays the firewall rules.
4.     Display a list of the firewall rules that are enabled.
5.     Display the same data in a table, making sure no information is truncated.
6.     Display a list of the enabled firewall rules. Display only the rules’ display names, the profiles they belong to, their directions, and whether they allow or deny access. 
7.     Sort the list in alphabetical order first by profile and then by display name, with the results appearing in a separate table for each profile.
 
  Task 5: Display a sorted list of network neighbors
1.     Using a keyword such as neighbor, find a command that can display the network neighbors.
2.     View the help for the command.
3.     Display a list of the network neighbors.
4.     Display a list of the network neighbors that is sorted by state.
5.     Display a list of the network neighbors that is grouped by state, displaying only the IP address in as compact a format as possible and letting Windows PowerShell decide how to optimize the layout. 
 
  Task 6: Display information from the DNS name resolution cache
1.     Test your network connection to both LON-DC1 and LON-CL1 so that you know the Domain Name System (DNS) client cache is populated with data.
2.     Using a keyword such as cache, find a command that can display items from the DNS client cache.
3.     Display the DNS client cache.
4.     Display the DNS client cache. Sort the list by record name, and display only the record name, record type, and Time to Live. Use only one column to display all the data.


  Task 7: Update Active Directory user information
1.     Sign in to the LON-CL1 as Adatum\Administrator with the password of Pa55w.rd.
2.     Start Windows PowerShell as an administrator.
3.     Display the name, department, and city for all the users in the IT department who are located in London, in alphabetical order by name.
4.     Set the Office location for all the users to LON-A/1000.
5.     Display the list of users again, including the office assignment for each user.
 
  Task 8: Produce an HTML report listing the Active Directory users in the IT department
1.     View the help for ConvertTo-Html.
2.     Display the same list again, and then convert the list to an HTML page. Store the HTML data in E:\UserReport.html. Have the word Users appear before the list of users.
3.     Use Edge to view UserReport.html.
4.     Display the same list again, and then convert it to XML. 
5.     Use Edge to view UserReport.xml.
6.     Display a list of all the properties of all the Active Directory users in a CSV file.
7.     Open the CSV file in Notepad.
8.     Open the CSV file in Excel.

 
  Task 9: Display a list of all the users in the Users container of Active Directory
1.     On LON-CL1, open Windows PowerShell as an administrator.
2.     Using a keyword such as user, find a command that can list Active Directory users.
3.     View the help for the command, and identify any mandatory parameters.
4.     Display a list of all the users in Active Directory in a format that lets you easily compare properties.
5.     Display the same list of all the users in the same format. This time, however, display only those users in the Users container of Active Directory. Use a search base of "cn=Users,dc=adatum,dc=com" for this task.
 
  Task 10: Create a report showing the Security event log entries that have the event ID 4624
1.     Display only the total number of Security event log entries that have the event ID 4624.
2.     Display the full list of the Security event log entries that have the event ID 4624, and show only the time written, event ID, and message.
3.     Display only the 10 oldest entries in a format that lets you view the message details.
 
  Task 11: Display a list of the encryption certificates installed on the computer
1.     Display a directory listing of all the items on the CERT drive. Include subfolders in the list.
2.     Display the list, again and show the name and issuer for only the certificates that do not have a private key. Show the results in one column.
3.     Display the list, again and show only the current certificates. Those certificates have a NotBefore date that is before today and a NotAfter date that is after today. Include the NotBefore and NotAfter properties in the results, and display the results in a format that allows you to easily compare dates. Also, make sure that no data is truncated. 
 
  Task 12: Create a report that shows the disk volumes that are running low on space
1.     Display a list of the disk volumes.
2.     Display a list in one column of the volumes that have more than zero bytes of free space.
3.     Display a list of the volumes that have less than 99 percent free space and more than zero bytes of free space. Show only the drive letter and disk size, in MB.
4.     Display a list of the volumes that have less than 10 percent free space and more than zero bytes of free space. This command might produce no results if no volumes on your computer meet the criteria.
    
Note: This command might not produce any output on your lab computer if the computer has more than 10 percent free space on each of its volumes.
 
  Task 13: Create a report that displays specified Control Panel items
1.     Display a list of all the Control Panel items.
2.     Display the names and descriptions, sorted by name, of the Control Panel items in the System and Security category.
3.     Display the same list, excluding any Control Panel items that exist in more than one category. Make sure the command performance is optimized.
 
